A friend of mine said
They saw you with another guy
You looked pretty close,
Chatting together
So I told them,
"Things like that happen."
He's probably your
best friend's boyfriend
I wasn't really bothered by it
Come to think about it,
come to think about it, I remember
That weekend, that weekend,
you said you had a dentist appointment
Isn't that strange? Isn't that strange?
Who were you with?
"Are you cheating on me?"
I only asked jokingly,
But you
threw a Halloween pumpkin at me!
You got seriously mad at me
Even slightly doubting you is awful
The pumpkin is smashed against the wall
Shattered, like our love
I didn't think you'd get that angry...
Sorry, but what about our Halloween plans?